README.rst, before:

scikit-ext : various scikit-learn extensions
============================================

About
~~~~~

The ``scikit_ext`` package contains various scikit-learn extensions,
built entirely on top of ``sklearn`` base classes. The package is
separated into two modules, ``estimators`` and ``scorers``.

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Package Index on PyPI <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/scikit-ext>`__ To
install:

::

    pip install scikit-ext

Estimators
~~~~~~~~~~

-  ``MultiGridSearchCV``: Extension to native sklearn ``GridSearchCV``
   for multiple estimators and param\_grids. Accepts a list of
   estimators and param\_grids, iterating through each fitting a
   ``GridSearchCV`` model for each estimator/param\_grid. Chooses the
   best fitted ``GridSearchCV`` model. Inherits sklearn's
   ``BaseSearchCV`` class, so attributes and methods are all similar to
   ``GridSearchCV``.
-  ``PrunedPipeline``: Extension to native sklearn ``Pipeline`` intended
   for text learning pipelines with a vectorization step and a feature
   selection step. Instead of remembering all vectorizer vocabulary
   elements and selecting appropriate features at prediction time, the
   extension prunes the vocabulary after fitting to only include
   elements who will ultimately survive the feature selection filter
   applied later in the pipeline. This reduces memory and improves
   prediction latency. Predictions will be identical to those made with
   a trained ``Pipeline`` model. Inherits sklearn's ``Pipeline`` class,
   so attributes and methods are all similar to ``Pipeline``.
-  ``IterRandomEstimator``: Meta-Estimator intended primarily for
   unsupervised estimators whose fitted model can be heavily dependent
   on an arbitrary random initialization state. It is
   best used for problems where a ``fit_predict`` method is intended, so
   the only data used for prediction will be the same data on which the
   model was fitted.
-  ``OptimizedEnsemble``: An optimized ensemble class. Will find the
   optimal ``n_estimators`` parameter for the given ensemble estimator,
   according to the specified input parameters.
-  ``OneVsRestAdjClassifier``: One-Vs-Rest multiclass strategy. The
   adjusted version is a custom extension which overwrites the inherited
   ``predict_proba`` method with a more flexible method allowing custom
   normalization for the predicted probabilities. Any norm argument that
   can be passed directly to ``sklearn.preprocessing.normalize`` is
   allowed. Additionally, norm=None will skip the normalization step
   alltogeter. To mimick the inherited ``OneVsRestClassfier`` behavior,
   set norm='l2'. All other methods are inherited from
   ``OneVsRestClassifier``.

Scorers
~~~~~~~

-  ``_TimeScorer``: Score using estimated prediction latency of
   estimator.
-  ``_MemoryScorer``: Score using estimated memory of pickled estimator
   object.
-  ``_CombinedScorer``: Score combining multiple scorers by averaging
   their scores.
-  ``cluster_distribution_score``: Scoring function which scores the
   resulting cluster distribution accross classes. A more even
   distribution indicates a higher score.

Authors
~~~~~~~

Evan Harris

License
~~~~~~~

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file
for details

Commit message:

Add zoom and ready for v0.1.8

README.rst, after:

scikit-ext : various scikit-learn extensions
============================================

About
~~~~~

The ``scikit_ext`` package contains various scikit-learn extensions,
built entirely on top of ``sklearn`` base classes. The package is
separated into two modules, ``estimators`` and ``scorers``.

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Package Index on PyPI <https://pypi.python.org/pypi/scikit-ext>`__ To
install:

::

    pip install scikit-ext

Estimators
~~~~~~~~~~

-  ``MultiGridSearchCV``: Extension to native sklearn ``GridSearchCV``
   for multiple estimators and param\_grids. Accepts a list of
   estimators and param\_grids, iterating through each fitting a
   ``GridSearchCV`` model for each estimator/param\_grid. Chooses the
   best fitted ``GridSearchCV`` model. Inherits sklearn's
   ``BaseSearchCV`` class, so attributes and methods are all similar to
   ``GridSearchCV``.
-  ``PrunedPipeline``: Extension to native sklearn ``Pipeline`` intended
   for text learning pipelines with a vectorization step and a feature
   selection step. Instead of remembering all vectorizer vocabulary
   elements and selecting appropriate features at prediction time, the
   extension prunes the vocabulary after fitting to only include
   elements who will ultimately survive the feature selection filter
   applied later in the pipeline. This reduces memory and improves
   prediction latency. Predictions will be identical to those made with
   a trained ``Pipeline`` model. Inherits sklearn's ``Pipeline`` class,
   so attributes and methods are all similar to ``Pipeline``.
-  ``ZoomGridSearchCV``: Extension to native sklearn ``GridSearchCV``.
   Fits multiple ``GridSearchCV`` models, updating the ``param_grid``
   after each iteration. The update looks at successful parameter values
   for each grid key. A new list of values is created which expands the
   resolution of the search values centered around the best performing
   value of the previous fit. This allows the standard grid search
   process to start with a small number of distant values for each
   parameter, and zoom in as the better performing corner of the
   hyperparameter search space becomes clear.
-  ``IterRandomEstimator``: Meta-Estimator intended primarily for
   unsupervised estimators whose fitted model can be heavily dependent
   on an arbitrary random initialization state. It is
   best used for problems where a ``fit_predict`` method is intended, so
   the only data used for prediction will be the same data on which the
   model was fitted.
-  ``OptimizedEnsemble``: An optimized ensemble class. Will find the
   optimal ``n_estimators`` parameter for the given ensemble estimator,
   according to the specified input parameters.
-  ``OneVsRestAdjClassifier``: One-Vs-Rest multiclass strategy. The
   adjusted version is a custom extension which overwrites the inherited
   ``predict_proba`` method with a more flexible method allowing custom
   normalization for the predicted probabilities. Any norm argument that
   can be passed directly to ``sklearn.preprocessing.normalize`` is
   allowed. Additionally, norm=None will skip the normalization step
   alltogeter. To mimick the inherited ``OneVsRestClassfier`` behavior,
   set norm='l2'. All other methods are inherited from
   ``OneVsRestClassifier``.

Scorers
~~~~~~~

-  ``_TimeScorer``: Score using estimated prediction latency of
   estimator.
-  ``_MemoryScorer``: Score using estimated memory of pickled estimator
   object.
-  ``_CombinedScorer``: Score combining multiple scorers by averaging
   their scores.
-  ``cluster_distribution_score``: Scoring function which scores the
   resulting cluster distribution accross classes. A more even
   distribution indicates a higher score.

Authors
~~~~~~~

Evan Harris

License
~~~~~~~

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file
for details
